
Fridge Name: Philadelphia Community Fridge

Address: Fridge 1) 1229 S 6th Street (Radiance Medical Group) / Fridge 2) 1901 S 9th Street (BOK)

Donation/Drop Off Info: The fridge is accessible 24/7 for drop-offs. Here is what we do and do not accept:
Yes Please!
Fresh Produce
Fruits, Vegetables, and Herbs
Picked goods
Prepackaged salad kits
Breads & Pastries
Eggs
Unopened Dairy products
Pantry items
Condiments, dressings, sauces
Rices, pastas, grains

No, thank you!
ANY meat, fish, seafood
Alcohol
Leftovers
Past expiration date products
Unlabelled products
Homemade meals from households due to sanitary reasons
Anything you wouldn't feed to your own family!

Contact information: email philadelphiacommunityfridge@gmail.com, or Instagram @phlcommunityfridge / twitter @phillyfridge / facebook https://www.facebook.com/phlcommunityfridge

Volunteer information: If you would like to volunteer, email philadelphiacommunityfridge@gmail.com with your name, pronouns, email address, and phone number. Our two main volunteer needs are people who can clean/sanitize the fridge on a daily basis, and people who can purchase or pickup food and transport it to the fridge. However, we have lots of other volunteer positions and are always looking for more volunteers to support the fridge!

Mission statement:
We're a community-centered, volunteer-based organization
dedicated to giving all Philadelphians access to fresh and healthy
food, combatting food insecurity and inequality in our city
through mutual aid.

Studies show that nearly 1 in 5 Philadelphia families struggle
with hunger, and food pantries' demand for fresh produce has
increased 3x since 2019.

We partner with local grocers and restaurants to stock this
fridge with perfectly good produce, pantry staples, and prepared
foods that would otherwise be thrown out.

BEING ABLE TO FEED YOURSELF AND
YOUR FAMILY ISN'T A PRIVILEGE —
IT'S A BASIC HUMAN RIGHT.

Media: 
WHYY article
Philadelphia Inquirer letter to the editor (it was in print, so an image is attached)
YouTube video

Here is a link to some pictures that Madasyn Andrews took! 

