The People's Fridge
Address- 511 s. 52nd street, Philadelphia, PA, 19143

Donation drop off information:
Feel free to donate to our fridge 24/7! You can drop your donations off at the fridge. If you decide to do this please individually bag and label your donations. Everything you need will be on site! 

If you would like to donate a large food haul, there is a link to sign up in our linktree: https://linktr.ee/TPF.resources
Prepped meals: Please e-mail thepeoplesfridge215@gmail.com for any prepared food donations. They must be individually packages and labeled with what contents are inside.

Contact: Best way to contact us is email: thepeoplesfridge215@gmail.com

Media Coverage: 
https://remezcla.com/features/culture/community-fridges-in-the-united-states-mission-purpose-and-stories/
https://philly.eater.com/21420094/community-fridges-philadelphia-mutual-aid-covid-19-food-insecurity
https://thephiladelphiacitizen.org/sandwich-pop-up-bogo-philadelphia/
https://www.bonappetit.com/story/minas-world

Mission: 
Our vision is to provide community members with groceries and pantry items as a free resource. On one level, The People’s Fridge is a way to combat hunger in underserved communities during a pandemic and an economic crisis. We believe that food is a human right and should never be a privilege, but it is. This community fridge is a mutual aid, meaning, community members have equal responsibility filling, maintaining, and caring for it lovingly.  Our fridge runs on a ‘take what you need, leave what you can’ basis. There is no pre-screening to take or leave something from the fridge. Part of our purpose is to create a resource people can fall back on, trust, and rely on to be there without repercussions.

The People's Fridge was inspired by the recent passing of our father. Because our father passed due to COVID19, we didn't have a way to say goodbye. For us, the fridge is a way to memorialize his lifelong commitment to feeding people. Our mom and dad instilled the ideals of food justice within us, even though they have never come across the term before. Our father modeled mutual aid for us consistently. Him and my mom really loved organizing diaper and formula drops, meal shares. It could be because our family has extremely benefitted from that kind of community aid, growing up in Brooklyn. 

What is a community fridge?
A community fridge operates on a
take what you need, leave what you
can, no questions asked basis.

The goal of a community fridge is to
fight food insecurity. It is a mutual aid,
not a charity, ANYONE can take from
this fridge.

Food is a basic human right and
everyone deserves access.

What is a mutual aid?
A mutual aid is a voluntary
reciprocal exchange of resources and
services for mutual benefit. Mutual aid
projects are a form of participation in
which people take responsibility for
caring for one another.